Ordering Basemaps using the SDK v2 Beta and Python requests library (#242)
planetlabs/notebooks: jupyter-notebooks/orders_basemaps/README.md

# Ordering Basemaps Using SDK v2 Beta and Requests Library

## Preparing your Workspace 

Follow the set up instructions below to run the Jupyter Notebooks for this workshop.

### Option 1: (recommended) Run in Google Colab

Interact directly with this repo's Jupyter Notebooks by running them in Google Colab.

Each Notebook will have its own **"Open in Colab"** button: once running on Colab, you'll need to run a quick setup cell in each notebook (this will install prerequisites and download data into your Colab workspace). You can also choose to make a copy of the Notebook in your own Google Drive, if you want to save any changes you make (not required for this workshop).

### Option 2: Run local Jupyter instance

You can instead choose to open this Notebook in your own local Jupyter instance. In that case, you'll need to clone this repository and install/download prerequisites.

Clone this repo:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:planetlabs/notebooks.git
cd notebooks/jupyter-notebooks/orders_basemaps/
```

> ### About this notebook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### About these notebooks
```

> These notebooks describe two different ways to download basemaps using the Orders API. The first file demonstrates using the SDK v2 Beta. This is the way we recommend ordering Planet Basemaps. Using the SDK v2 Beta has functions ready-made to make working with the Planet Orders API more efficient and less prone to errors. This means less lines of code and less work for you. Check out the SDK v2 Beta docs [here](https://planet-sdk-for-python-v2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/sdk-guide/). The second file demonstrates using the Python Requests Library. We recommend using the SDK v2 Beta. It will cut down on time and improve accuracy. 

Reviewer: In this section, to emphasize that these notebooks are showing 2 different ways of doing the same thing, I'd recommend doing something like "Method 1: SDK (recommended)" with a link there to that notebook and then a description below that, and the same for Method 2. 

Even if someone just skims the readme, this way they'll be able to have a general idea of what's going on with these notebooks

# Ordering Basemaps Using SDK v2 Beta and Requests Library

## Preparing your Workspace 

Follow the set up instructions below to run the Jupyter Notebooks for this workshop.

### Option 1: (recommended) Run in Google Colab

Interact directly with this repo's Jupyter Notebooks by running them in Google Colab.

Each Notebook will have its own **"Open in Colab"** button: once running on Colab, you'll need to run a quick setup cell in each notebook (this will install prerequisites and download data into your Colab workspace). You can also choose to make a copy of the Notebook in your own Google Drive, if you want to save any changes you make (not required for this workshop).

### Option 2: Run local Jupyter instance

You can instead choose to open this Notebook in your own local Jupyter instance. In that case, you'll need to clone this repository and install/download prerequisites.

Clone this repo:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:planetlabs/notebooks.git
cd notebooks/jupyter-notebooks/orders_basemaps/

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'd get rid of all of this, since you haven't set up anything in Colab.

### About these notebooks

> Method 1: The first [file](SDK_order_basemaps.ipynb)) demonstrates using the SDK v2 Beta to order Basemaps using both an AOI and quad ID. This is the way we recommend ordering Planet Basemaps. The SDK v2 Beta has functions ready-made to make working with the Planet Orders API more efficient and less prone to errors. This means less lines of code and less work for you. Check out the SDK v2 Beta docs [here](https://planet-sdk-for-python-v2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/sdk-guide/). 

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend doing something like:

### Method 1:

<text here>

Also, write the name of the file instead of just saying "The first file".

# Ordering Basemaps Using SDK v2 Beta and Requests Library

### About these notebooks

#### Method 1 (recommended): 

> [SDK_order_basemaps](SDK_order_basemaps.ipynb) demonstrates using the SDK v2 Beta to order Basemaps using both an AOI and quad ID. This is the way we recommend ordering Planet Basemaps. The SDK v2 Beta has functions ready-made to make working with the Planet Orders API more efficient and less prone to errors. This means less lines of code and less work for you. Check out the SDK v2 Beta docs [here](https://planet-sdk-for-python-v2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python/sdk-guide/). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[SDK_order_basemaps](SDK_order_basemaps.ipynb) demonstrates using the [SDK v2 Beta](https://github.com/planetlabs/planet-client-python) to order [Planet Basemaps](https://developers.planet.com/docs/data/visual-basemaps/) using both an [AOI](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/basemaps/#order-basemaps-by-area-of-interest-aoi) and a [quad ID](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/basemaps/#order-basemaps-by-quad-ids-and-deliver-to-cloud). We recommend ordering Planet Basemaps using the SDK v2 Beta as it has ready-made functions to make working with the [Planet Orders API](https://developers.planet.com/apis/orders/) more efficient and less prone to errors. This means less lines of code and less work for you!
```

#### Method 2: 

> [requests_order_basemaps](requests_order_basemaps.ipynb) demonstrates using the Python Requests Library to order Basemaps using an AOI and quad IDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[requests_order_basemaps](requests_order_basemaps.ipynb) demonstrates using the [Python Requests library](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) to order Basemaps using an AOI and quad IDs.
```
